[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME SONG]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm joined by author
and public speaker Brad
Olsen, who will be discussing
his very latest trip
to Antarctica, where he spent
days searching for crafts
buried deep into the ice, ET
civilizations, and the hole
to the Inner Earth.
Brad, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
>>BRAD OLSEN: Well,
thanks, George.
It's always great to be back and
talk with you about these very
interesting subjects.
>>NOORY: How do you end
up getting to Antarctica?
What's the route that you take?
>>OLSEN: The route I took was
through southern Argentina,
which was a town
called Ushuaia, which
is the gateway to Antarctica.
It's about 90% of
all ship traffic
goes through
Ushuaia, both cruise
ships and sailboats, which I
had the opportunity to go down
on a 14-person sailboat.
>>NOORY: Wow.
And there's docks down there in
the South Pole and everything
else, huh?
>>OLSEN: Well, there are
docks at some of the stations,
but a cruise ship port in
Ushuaia and also a yacht
dock, where we were able to
meet a captain and on the spot
get signed up for a trip
that was going down there.
>>NOORY: When you get
there, is it cold?
>>OLSEN: It is cold, but
it's a bit of a misnomer
that it's freezing
cold every day.
We actually had
two days down there
where it was t-shirt weather.
We were up on the
deck in our swimsuits
and getting a little
bit of a suntan.
And we even did
the polar plunge,
jumping in the Arctic
water with icebergs--
>>NOORY: No!
>>OLSEN: --floating around.
We did, yeah.
>>NOORY: How cold was that?
>>OLSEN: Oh, below
freezing, but--
>>NOORY: Jeez.
Well, you didn't stay
in there long, did you?
>>OLSEN: Not for very long, no.
>>NOORY: Now you went
down there back in 2019.
How long did you stay?
>>OLSEN: It was a 26-day
trip, but it took four days
to get down there crossing
the Drake Passage.
And we caught a storm
going in, so sea sickness
was prevalent
throughout the ship.
Only a few people
that didn't get it,
fortunately they
didn't because they
were able to sail the boat.
And it took us six
days to get back
because we had to
tack against the wind.
>>NOORY: Once you got there,
what did you start looking for?
>>OLSEN: Well, we first got
to the South Shetland Islands,
and there are many
bases there, including
the Polish base, Arctowski.
And we were on a Polish
vessel out of Gdansk, Poland,
with 11 Poles and
three Americans.
So they had pre-set up
our meeting with the base,
and we arrived with vegetables
and fruit for the base.
And they welcomed us in and
let us take showers and had
meals with them and a couple
nights of playing music
and drinking.
It was quite nice to get
off the boat after that very
rough stormy sea passage.
>>NOORY: Well, it was
smart bringing the fruit,
because without that,
no showers, right?
>>OLSEN: Well, I guess that
was just a complimentary gift.
But yeah, they were
very appreciative.
>>NOORY: What kind
of research did you
do before you went down there?
>>OLSEN: Well, I've been
researching Antarctica
for years, but especially
on the trip leading up
collecting maps,
looking at Google Earth,
going through just about
any information I could get.
And then, of course, when
we were down in Ushuaia,
I started talking
to ship captains,
asking them if
they knew anything
about a craft under the ice,
antediluvian civilizations,
perhaps giants or giant fauna
being taken out of the ice,
being excavated.
The resounding response
was no, that people just
didn't know about this.
It's not to say that
it couldn't be there,
but they just didn't know.
And then we were going to the
far northern tip of the Palmer
Peninsula.
Antarctica is a big continent.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it's huge.
>>OLSEN: It's the fifth
largest in the world.
So the distances are
quite vast to try
to go to some of these
inland locations.
>>NOORY: There have been rumors
that the Nazis, after World War
II, fled to Antarctica, went
under the ice with their subs,
and started building
bases and things.
Did you see anything like
that while you were there?
>>OLSEN: Well, that's the
Neuschwabenland region
of East Antarctica, which
is basically directly
below South Africa, which, of
course, during World War II
was a fascist country itself and
were supporting the Nazis going
down there.
George, when I was looking
at maps of Antarctica
before my trip, I came across
some Cold War era maps,
and the Nazis never left.
They still had West German
bases in Neuschwabenland.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>OLSEN: Yeah,
including this region
called the Kohnen
Base, which I found
was the most
fascinating and perhaps
the best evidence for some
kind of craft under the ice.
>>NOORY: Yeah, tell
me about that base.
How big is it?
>>OLSEN: It's inland.
It's only seasonal.
So right now, it's mid-April.
Everybody's getting out of
Antarctica for the season.
There's only a skeleton
crew on the remaining base.
There's only 1,000 people
on the whole continent.
The fifth largest continent in
the world, only 1,000 people--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>OLSEN: --there.
And Kohnen is one of
those seasonal bases,
so they have already
left and gone
to the Neumayer Base, which is
the other German base, which
is in Neuschwabenland.
And so the Kohnen
Base, in 2013--
>>NOORY: Now when
you say Kohnen Base,
I'm expecting equipment
and buildings and things.
Is that what's there?
>>OLSEN: Well, according
to the Antarctic Treaty,
you can't leave anything
there permanently.
So everything is always
in a temporary state.
And oftentimes in
these seasonal bases,
they'll just pull
everything out.
So it'll look like
hardly anything is there
if they're not doing any
research between seasons.
And if you went to
Google Earth right now,
you would just see what look
like circus tent poles popping
up that presumably are hoisting
up a giant tarp covering up
what could be something very
interesting under the ice.
>>NOORY: I'm going to take a
look at some pictures with you
on this base, and
you kind of describe
what we're looking at here.
>>OLSEN: Sure.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at our first picture.
What is this?
>>OLSEN: Well, this is
what it would look like.
These would be those tent poles
holding up like a circus tent,
as best as I could describe it.
>>NOORY: All right now, Brad,
here's our second picture.
What are we looking at here?
>>OLSEN: Well, it was clearly
some kind of excavation
on the top there
because all the snow
and ice has been perturbed.
You can also see just a
little off the picture
there is a landing strip
and then a route, which
looks like snowmobile tracks
coming down to this area
where they're doing some
excavation and some work.
>>NOORY: How big is this
area we're looking at?
>>OLSEN: Well, this would be
about a mile or so across.
I understand the
craft that you see
on the bottom there is
about half a mile long.
So there is something
down there that
is not symmetrical
or in such a way
that it looks like
it's fabricated.
>>NOORY: And you're
saying, when you
say there's something down
there, you mean under the ice?
>>OLSEN: That's correct.
Because when they covered it
up, it's just the tent poles
that you can see on
Google Earth today.
But if you go in
the Wayback Machine,
this is what you
would see in 2013.
>>NOORY: How thick is
this ice here, Brad?
>>OLSEN: This is on top of
the Polar Plateau, which
is two miles thick.
>>NOORY: Oh, jeez, huge.
>>OLSEN: Yeah.
And then when you consider that
Antarctica is the most actively
volcanic continent
in the world, you
have the propensity for
these large cavities
to be below the ice.
>>NOORY: All right, and here's
our next picture, which--
>>OLSEN: Yeah, it gives
you an idea of not only
the size of this
thing, but the symmetry
involved, how all
the spines of it
are exactly the
same on both sides.
Nature doesn't create
symmetry like that, George.
And then you see some
tracks off on both sides
that people were cruising around
on snowmobiles presumably.
And this is on these
Cold War maps as well.
This Kohnen Base has been
there at least since the 1980s.
>>NOORY: Who built it?
>>OLSEN: Well, it's
unknown who built it,
but who's been researching it
have been the Germans since--
>>NOORY: Is anybody
allowed to go there?
>>OLSEN: I don't think so.
>>NOORY: Any country?
>>OLSEN: You'd need
some kind of permission
through the German government
because it is their base.
>>NOORY: So they're
controlling it?
>>OLSEN: Yeah, and
each base is kind
of like an embassy is,
that they're controlled
by the country of origin.
So you'd need permission
through that country.
>>NOORY: Why the fascination
with Antarctica, Brad?
>>OLSEN: Well, it's kind of
the final frontier, George.
And as far as I know,
I'm the only researcher
in this field who's actually
been down there to investigate
some of these great mysteries.
And it's chock full of
mysteries, so many lost
civilizations we've
heard of, from pyramids
poking through the ice to
antediluvian civilization
to these giant craft
being down there.
I just kind of
wanted to try to get
to the bottom of these
things and see if anybody
knew some of this information.
>>NOORY: If you were
to put the United
States on top of Antarctica,
how would the size compare?
>>OLSEN: Well, it's
bigger than the lower 48.
It's about the lower 48 and
most of Canada combined.
>>NOORY: Well, that's a
pretty good size continent.
>>OLSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Are you in wonderment
about this continent?
>>OLSEN: I sure am.
It was about as close as you
could get to going off planet.
Things are so
different down there
because it is a
frozen continent.
99% of the land
is covered in ice.
You lose all the primary
colors except for blue,
so there's no reds
or greens of trees.
It's just black and
white and blue are
the primary main colors
you see down there.
And it occurred to me one day
when we were on the sailboat.
I went scuba diving
really deep one time
at the Blue Hole
in Dahab, Egypt,
and you lose all
those colors as well.
It's just blue and
white and black
when you go really
deep, over 200 feet.
So it's sort of like
this other world
that you get when
you go scuba diving.
It's quite a different
scene of Earth
than you've seen anywhere else.
>>NOORY: Michael Salla, of
course, is a great researcher,
and I had a chance
to interview him
on "Beyond Belief"
about Antarctica
and got his thoughts on what he
thinks might be under the ice.
The craft that you say
might be down there now
that they're launching.
Might they be what we
consider to be UFOs here
when we see things?
Could it be those craft?
>>MICHAEL SALLA: Well, we
need to kind of differentiate
between these ancient
motherships that came down
after this kind of
catastrophe on Mars
that kind of landed
in Antarctica
or crash landed in Antarctica.
>>NOORY: And those
were from ETs, right?
>>SALLA: Those were
extraterrestrial,
and they formed the hub
of the civilization that
became Planet Y. But then
after the ice sheets began
to grow after the catastrophe
and this was all buried
under the ice, then you
had the Germans coming
during the Second World
War building a space
program, these fleets of
spacecraft that has now
become a transnational
program that operates out
of Antarctica.
And they can be very large
craft, a whole range of craft.
We're talking about
triangle-shaped craft,
dart-shaped craft.
>>NOORY: The Phoenix Lights,
1997, mile-long object
they think they saw.
Might it have
originated down there?
>>SALLA: Well, it could be.
I mean, we don't
know whether that
was a genuine extraterrestrial
kind of triangle
or whether-- because
that was very large.
It seemed to be much
larger than the TR-3B
that many researchers
have been describing,
which is about 600 feet in size.
Whereas the Phoenix
Lights, some estimate
that to be like a mile wide.
So we're talking about
something that if it's not
extraterrestrial, it belongs to
something much more advanced,
whether we're talking better
a navy space program out
of, say, Utah or
whether we're talking
about a kind of transnational
program out of Antarctica.
>>NOORY: That's amazing, Brad.
What do you think of that?
>>OLSEN: I have the greatest
respect for Dr. Salla.
We've worked together,
different conferences,
and we were on "Ancient
Aliens" together one time.
He has some
incredible information
he gave to me right
before my trip.
When I told him I was going
to the Palmer Peninsula,
he said to try to get
down to Rothschild Island.
He said that there
may be some kind
of weather manipulation going
on from this particular island.
We didn't get even
close, but certainly I
was watching down in the
southern part of the Palmer
Peninsula, if we had seen
any kind of perturbations
in the clouds.
Or maybe HAARP can
sometimes make clouds look
like the bottom of the sand.
And we didn't see
that, nor did we
see any chem trail activity
or any kind of flyovers.
It's very desolate
down there, George.
>>NOORY: It sure is.
Absolutely.
Do you think the
Germans that are
down at the Kohnen
station are excavating
for some kind of hidden craft,
like Michael was hinting at?
>>OLSEN: Well, I think
in 2013, they certainly
were, as we could see from
those Google Earth photos.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>OLSEN: They may have gotten
what they were looking for,
and then they covered it up.
And then when the remote
viewers went down there
with Courtney Brown out
of The Farsight Institute
and said that they had
gone into the craft,
the remote viewers did, and
said that this is nothing--
>>NOORY: Through remote viewing?
>>OLSEN: Correct.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>OLSEN: That this was
nothing natural made,
that this had been fashioned
or built by some kind of higher
intelligence.
Whether it was human
or extraterrestrial,
they couldn't tell.
But there is
something down there.
So when you get the data
points that match up,
then I think there is more
credibility to the claim
that this is something
under the ice.
>>NOORY: Now, the craft
that could be under there,
how big, do you think?
>>OLSEN: Well,
that's the question.
As you mentioned with
the Phoenix Lights,
about a mile long,
that's a figure
I keep hearing too, about
a half mile to a mile in--
>>NOORY: Sheesh.
>>OLSEN: Yeah, diameter.
>>NOORY: Could that
be a mothership?
>>OLSEN: If that's what
we define them as, yeah.
I mean, much bigger than any
kind of craft that we know of
or that we could make by humans.
I mean, as large as a
battleship basically.
>>NOORY: Do you think it was
there and then got frozen over?
Because why is it still there?
Why didn't it leave?
>>OLSEN: Right.
Yeah, it must have either landed
and couldn't take off again
or landed and got
frozen in the ice
and has just been left
there for posterity.
And I will go so
far as to say, I
think the Germans chose this
particular region of Antarctica
because of this craft.
Because they had
gone inland, they
had found it in the late 1930s.
And as you know, they were
fascinated with the occult.
They were fascinated
with anything
extraterrestrial they
could get their hands on,
including a crash in the
Black Forest in the 1930s
and working with Mussolini,
who had a craft in Italy.
So they were very keen on
backward engineering anything
they could get their hands on.
And if they had located
this during the Schumacher
expeditions of
the late 1930s, it
would have been enough reason
for them to claim this area.
>>NOORY: How many
countries might
be aware of this kind
of situation down there?
>>OLSEN: Oh, I think
a lot of people
are aware in high government.
>>NOORY: You can't
hide it, can you?
>>OLSEN: You can't hide it.
And if we're talking about
it because we've seen it
on Google Earth, it
would seem that anybody
has access to this.
>>NOORY: Is the craft
protruding out at all?
>>OLSEN: Well, it had
been in 2013, as we saw.
But then they put some
kind of covering over it.
>>NOORY: There was
a cover over it.
>>OLSEN: Yeah.
And the last time
I went to those GPS
coordinates, it had looked
like the first slide we saw,
with just like all these
circus tent poles sticking out.
>>NOORY: So this craft is pretty
high up on the surface, right?
>>OLSEN: Yeah, which may lead
us to think that perhaps it's
not as old as it could be.
Because if it's on the
top of the Polar Plateau--
>>NOORY: Instead of under.
>>OLSEN: Correct.
Being very old and being
underneath, that perhaps it's
a newer arrival.
>>NOORY: What if it's still
functioning and there are--
>>OLSEN: Great question.
>>NOORY: --occupants
in there and they're
just living, doing
whatever they do?
>>OLSEN: Wouldn't
that be a game changer
>>NOORY: Oh my god, huge.
>>OLSEN: --if we were
to find that out?
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Will we
ever find this out?
>>OLSEN: Well, this is the
great interesting question
about Antarctica.
Maybe disclosure is right
here on planet Earth, George.
Maybe all we need
to do is find out
what's inside that craft at the
Kohnen Base or other locations
where there are presumed
craft in Antarctica.
>>NOORY: Can't we get a
United Nations team together?
We can barely get a United
Nations team together
for anything.
But just to go down there with
the Russians and the Germans
and us and any other country
and just get this done?
Or maybe they don't want
us to know about it.
>>OLSEN: Well, it's
been they don't
want us to know about
it for all this time.
But now that we
have the new Space
Force, a new arm of the
armed forces coming in,
perhaps in this new age of
disclosure, something like this
could happen.
>>NOORY: Tell us more about
the remote viewers and some
of the things they saw.
>>OLSEN: Well, Courtney Brown
is the head of The Farsight
Institute, and
they did a project
where they were using their
remote viewers to go directly
to the Kohnen Base
to investigate.
And they said first, that it was
certainly nothing natural made,
and that's quite evident
by the symmetry we
saw in that picture.
And two, they got into the
chambers of this craft.
I don't recall any sign
of life that they saw.
They certainly, I think,
would have brought that up.
But they did say that there
were massive cavities.
They were fashioned.
They were built.
>>NOORY: Did they
see technology?
>>OLSEN: They saw technology.
>>NOORY: Wonder what that--
>>OLSEN: I don't think it
was functioning, though.
This particular one
does seem to be defunct.
>>NOORY: So maybe they left
it, got in another craft,
and took off.
>>OLSEN: Or perhaps there is
more nearby that they could--
>>NOORY: They could
be all over the place.
>>OLSEN: All over the place.
That's the thing about
Antarctica, George.
It is such a mystery
down there because you've
got two miles of ice
over the Polar Plateau.
You have volcanoes that create
giant cavities underneath,
which create temperate
climates and fresh water.
Even the possibility
of growing food
if you had UV lights down there.
>>NOORY: I suspect that some of
the craft might have been here
and then something happened
where it froze over
and they couldn't get away.
Something fast.
>>OLSEN: That is a common
narrative that I've heard
as well, that they got
trapped there, then--
>>NOORY: Maybe an asteroid hit
and changed the planet quickly
or something.
Because we've heard of
these woolly mammoths being
found frozen with food
still in their mouths.
>>OLSEN: Right.
>>NOORY: So whatever happened,
they flash froze instantly.
>>OLSEN: Like a pole
shift just occurred and--
>>NOORY: Just boom.
>>OLSEN: Perhaps even moved
the continent to its present
location--
>>NOORY: Probably shifted it.
>>OLSEN: --from
a warmer climate.
Because they have found
fossils down there.
There's a mountain
called Mount Buckley.
It's at the very top of
the Beardmore Glacier,
and that's where the
Scott expedition got
held up because
they were collecting
all of these fossils of ferns.
And when they were
doing the race
to the pole with Roald
Amundsen of Norway,
who beat them there
by only 35 days,
the Scott party
couldn't make it back
to their final stash of food,
and they all died on the ice,
where Amundsen--
>>NOORY: Oh, jeez.
>>OLSEN: --made it
back to his ship.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: So we've had a lot
of fatalities down there.
>>OLSEN: Oh, it's
a dangerous place.
It's the most inhospitable
conditions on Earth.
And if you get stuck
down there, your life
is certainly in danger.
>>NOORY: What were
your living conditions
when you were down there?
Did you stay on the ship?
>>OLSEN: Every night.
>>NOORY: You did?
OK.
>>OLSEN: Yep.
>>NOORY: So you'd wander
onto the mainland, come back
to the ship?
>>OLSEN: That's right.
And it's kind of a misnomer
that we had to get permission
to go everywhere.
We had a zodiac on the boat.
We were able to go off
and get close to whales.
And the whales, they
have no fear of humans.
They come up to you
instead of run away.
>>NOORY: They probably
don't know what humans are.
>>OLSEN: They don't.
We had one--
>>NOORY: Fish food.
>>OLSEN: --swim right
under our boat even.
And the penguins just
have no fear of humans.
You could go right up
to one with your iPhone
to take a picture.
And the mother with
her little baby
right there is kind of
like, get out of my way.
>>NOORY: They don't snap at
you or anything like that?
>>OLSEN: No, not at all.
They don't know what you are.
>>NOORY: What happens
if all that ice melts?
What do we see?
Paint us a picture.
>>OLSEN: We see the
oldest continent
on Earth, which is
over 3 billion years
old on the Eastern
plate of Antarctica.
>>NOORY: Now, when you
say the oldest continent,
wasn't it all formed
together, this whole planet?
>>OLSEN: It was all
formed together.
This is all part of Pangea,
Gondwanaland, and it broke off.
It had once been connected
with New Zealand and Australia.
>>NOORY: It floated
that far, huh?
>>OLSEN: It floated that far.
And it has fossil records that
match in those other countries
as well.
>>NOORY: So if
everything melted,
might we see craft there?
>>OLSEN: We might
see craft there.
We might see antediluvian
civilization there.
We might see perhaps
civilizations
that have a way of
existing under the ice.
>>NOORY: How crystal clear is
the night sky down there, Brad?
>>OLSEN: Oh, it's as
clear as you can imagine.
And of course, it's in
the Southern Hemisphere,
so all the stars are different.
You see the Southern Cross.
You see the Milky Way Galaxy.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it's
hard to imagine,
but you're right,
everything's flipped over.
>>OLSEN: Yeah, totally
different night sky.
>>NOORY: Did you see
any objects zooming by
or anything like that?
>>OLSEN: We did not,
but we had heard reports
from another base,
Argentinian base, that
had seen some craft the month
before we were down there.
And they had talked about it
through the different bases,
and it got to the
Brown Base personnel.
And I kind of twisted the
guy's arm a little bit
to get it out of
him, that they had
seen a sighting at one
of their bases of orbs
and craft, a flyover.
And that base, the
Belgrano II Base
where they had the sighting,
is in East Antarctica,
not too far away from
the Neuschwabenland claim
of Germany.
>>NOORY: How many bases
are down there, Brad?
>>OLSEN: There's
about 56 bases run
by about 25 or 30 countries.
All--
>>NOORY: Oh, so a
lot of countries.
>>OLSEN: Yeah, even some really
small countries like Uruguay
has a base even.
>>NOORY: What are they doing?
>>OLSEN: Well, they're
mostly doing weather research
or studying the animals,
studying the climate,
studying the ocean.
There is a lot of climate
change going on down there.
There was a map that came out
just before our trip from NASA
that showed certain
parts of Antarctica
were melting very, very quickly,
and other parts, paradoxically,
were gaining in ice.
And this could be the reason
why we haven't seen huge swings
in sea level rising.
>>NOORY: That could be.
>>OLSEN: That somehow
Mother Nature just
has a way to balance.
>>NOORY: But don't
you find it unusual
that there are so many
countries down there working
in such a desolate area?
Something else is going on here.
>>OLSEN: Yeah, it
would sure seem so.
And at the South Pole base,
which is the Amundsen-Scott
South Pole Base, there is
a huge no fly zone over one
of the portions
of the South Pole.
And this corresponds with what
some of the whistleblowers that
have spoken to
Linda Moulton Howe
have said, that there is
a huge hole under the ice
right near there, that this
is some kind of entrance
into the Inner Earth or just
some kind of massive cavity
that goes below
the Polar Plateau.
>>NOORY: Now, Admiral Byrd, when
he made his so-called discovery
of the hollow Earth, was going
in through the North Pole,
I believe, right?
>>OLSEN: And it's presumed
that there are holes on both
of the top and the bottom.
Dr. Brooks Agnew is a
good friend of mine,
and we're looking at
doing an expedition to--
>>NOORY: He's been
working on that.
>>OLSEN: --the North
Pole region, yeah.
>>NOORY: He wanted to
rent a Russian trawler
to get down there.
>>OLSEN: He wants
me to go with him,
and we're going to take a look.
He says he has the coordinates
of the hole in the North Pole,
and we know where the
hole in the South Pole is.
My only concern
is, we're probably
not going to be allowed to
go, that someone like the NSA,
who controls a lot of things
concerning UFOs, might show up
and say, OK, you're going to
stop your boat right here.
>>NOORY: Do we have any
pictures under the planet Earth?
I mean, has NASA ever conducted
any flybys underneath it?
You look at the planet
as a whole out in space.
You've got the North
Pole, the South Pole.
But in order to see
the bottom, to see
if there's a hole
up there, you got
to get under the
planet like that.
Have we done that?
>>OLSEN: Well, we have,
and I have a couple photos
in my presentation, The Hidden
Anomalies of Antarctica,
that I go to conferences
and show them.
Are they Photoshopped?
I can't tell you that for sure.
Do they look real?
Yeah, of course.
But a lot of Photoshop does.
>>NOORY: What does it look like?
>>OLSEN: Well, it just looks
like a massive hole in the ice,
and--
>>NOORY: Like a drain?
>>OLSEN: Like a big
drain hole, yeah.
But it's so huge, George,
that Admiral Byrd's account
of flying a plane into it
safely, turning around,
and coming back out
wouldn't be a problem.
It's that big.
>>NOORY: Well,
and you don't even
know you're flying into it
because of the curvature,
right?
>>OLSEN: Well, I
think you can see it.
And according to "Brian
S," Linda Moulton Howe's
whistleblower who flew
over it against orders--
but they had an
emergency evacuation,
and that's why they did it--
he said from the South Pole
station he saw tracks--
it's really not that far away,
only about 10, 15 miles away--
and a road going down
into it on the ice.
So you could take like a snowcat
down into the hole on a road.
>>NOORY: And come back.
>>OLSEN: And come back.
Or fly in and fly out.
>>NOORY: Would you say,
of all the continents
that we have on this
planet, that Antarctica
might be the one that has all
these very strange anomalies?
>>OLSEN: Well, it is, George,
because we have 7.6 billion
people on the planet, but only
1,000 people down in the whole
continent--
>>NOORY: That's it.
>>OLSEN: --of
Antarctica right now.
That's it.
>>NOORY: That's vast.
>>OLSEN: It's vast,
and it's the size
of two Australias combined.
And there's only
1,000 people, so--
>>NOORY: Is the entire
continent ice and snow?
>>OLSEN: Over 99% of the
landmass of Antarctica
is covered with ice and snow.
>>NOORY: Are there
mountains down there?
>>OLSEN: Huge mountains.
The tallest mountain is Vinson
Massif, and it's 14,500--
>>NOORY: Whoa!
>>OLSEN: --feet.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>OLSEN: So you
have a lot of people
that want to climb all the
highest peaks of the world,
and so, of course, they
have to go to Antarctica
to climb all seven
continents' highest mountain.
>>NOORY: The wonders of
gravity, because you're actually
standing upside down.
>>OLSEN: Yeah, but you--
>>NOORY: Aren't you?
>>OLSEN: --feel the same way.
>>NOORY: You do?
>>OLSEN: I mean,
technically, you are, but--
>>NOORY: You don't
feel different at all--
>>OLSEN: Not at all.
>>NOORY: --standing upside down?
>>OLSEN: No, no.
>>NOORY: You don't feel that?
>>OLSEN: When I was
in Australia, George,
they have a funny map down there
they call Up Over Down Under,
and they flip the
world map upside down.
It looks so foreign
to us because we're
used to it one way.
But if you think about it, up,
down, below, sideways, it's
all the same planet.
>>NOORY: What do you
think Antarctica looked
like before it got iced over?
>>OLSEN: Well, that's
what's really fascinating
because Antarctica was once
a very temperate climate.
There were dinosaur
species that can only
live in warm climates that
are unique to Antarctica--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>OLSEN: --that have been
found only on this continent.
>>NOORY: Trees,
vegetation, everything?
>>OLSEN: Very unique
to Antarctica.
And the fossil record
shows that it had once been
a steaming jungle as well.
So before the ice covered it,
it was a very temperate, even
tropical climate down there,
with a whole host of animal,
insect, and flora species.
>>NOORY: What do you think
happened to the planet
to create that kind of
ice sheet down there?
>>OLSEN: Well, as you mentioned
with the Siberian mammoths that
still had food in their mouths,
there were some sort of--
>>NOORY: Something happened.
>>OLSEN: --sudden cataclysm.
Yeah, a pole shift
that would have shifted
continents around, rising,
falling, volcanoes going off,
tidal waves all over the place.
And this could have been the
opportunity of the continent
to shift down to that
Southern Hemisphere
and been locked
into place, and then
the snow and ice
accumulated over time.
>>NOORY: Are there frozen lakes
there and things like that?
>>OLSEN: There sure are.
There are a whole series of
lakes underneath the ice,
including river systems that
are now being mapped out.
The largest lake, Lake Vostok,
is as large as Lake Ontario.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>OLSEN: Yeah, it's--
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>OLSEN: --one of the top 10
largest lakes in the world,
and it's completely locked
under the two miles of ice
on the Polar Plateau.
>>NOORY: Would you live there,
or would you go stir crazy?
>>OLSEN: [LAUGHS]
I would love to go to some
of these under ice situations
to check them out.
>>NOORY: Oh my god, yeah.
>>OLSEN: I don't know if I
could live there too long
or if anybody would
want to, but it
would seem that it's
possible with all
the geothermal activities.
You could take a hot spring.
You could be in sort
of a warmer climate
away from the harsh
elements above.
And I think the light would
be really fascinating during
the long 24-hour summer days--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>OLSEN: --of just like
a blue hue of light
coming from the dome.
>>NOORY: Your
Circadian clock would
be all thrown out of whack.
>>OLSEN: And that's
what people say
who work on these
year-round bases, that it
does start to drive you
a little stir crazy.
>>NOORY: What is
under the land mass?
All ocean underneath
it, do you think?
>>OLSEN: Well, it's like
in any kind of continent.
It is a landmass.
But in this case, it has a large
polar plateau on top of it.
>>NOORY: Now, sometimes
I think of a continent
of landmass couple miles thick
floating on top of water,
but it's not shifting.
In this particular
case, I would assume
that the landmass is connected
to the bottom of the seabed.
Is that true?
>>OLSEN: Well, it is.
It's a very old continent.
>>NOORY: There's something
holding it in place, right?
>>OLSEN: Yeah.
Yeah, and if you look at the
under ocean topography maps,
you have the Mid-Atlantic
Ridge, which comes down
the entire length of
the Atlantic Ocean,
and it connects to Antarctica
right in Neuschwabenland.
And that's where a lot
of volcanic activity
and hot springs are.
This is one of
the tectonic fault
lines that travels
through Antarctica as well
as up the Palmer
Peninsula, where
there are a whole bunch
of volcanoes as well.
And we got to visit
some of those.
>>NOORY: Some time ago,
former Secretary of State
John Kerry made a
visit down there.
Why in the world
would he go there?
What's going on there, Brad?
>>OLSEN: And why would he go
during the election between
Hillary Clinton and--
>>NOORY: Donald Trump.
>>OLSEN: --Donald Trump?
Why would he go there at
the most critical time
for his party?
And I have a friend that
works at the McMurdo Station.
In fact, he's just left
a couple of days ago.
Was posting a lot of his
pictures on Facebook.
And he was down there
when Kerry was there,
and they landed at McMurdo,
took a day or two to acclimate.
And then they disappeared
for a couple days
before they came back, and
nobody knew where they went.
So it was quite interesting
that they used McMurdo
as a jumping point
to go further inland
to some undisclosed location.
>>NOORY: Is there an
airport down there?
>>OLSEN: Well, there's
air strips on the ice.
You can land--
>>NOORY: How do you stop?
>>OLSEN: Well, it's--
>>NOORY: I mean, is it all ice?
>>OLSEN: Yeah, it's all ice.
But just like a runway, I think
you can put the brakes on,
and--
>>NOORY: But they don't have
concrete or anything like that?
>>OLSEN: No, they don't.
It's all landing on the ice.
>>NOORY: Well, that's amazing.
>>OLSEN: But they can
make the runway as long
as they need to make it.
>>NOORY: But how would
you stop on ice flying
in at 200 or 300 miles an hour?
>>OLSEN: And there are
these big cargo planes
that come and go all the time.
My friend that worked down
there, that was his job
was loading and
offloading these planes.
>>NOORY: That's truly
remarkable, isn't it?
>>OLSEN: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Would you go again?
>>OLSEN: Oh, I'd
love to go again.
I'd love to go down to
the Neuschwabenland area.
And I'd like to go with
a Geiger counter, George,
and that is because--
do you remember Project
Argus in the late 1950s?
It was these top secret US--
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>OLSEN: --nuclear tests.
They were saying that they
were doing high atmospheric--
>>NOORY: Down there, right?
>>OLSEN: Down there in
the Southern Ocean just
off the shore of
Antarctica, just
Neuschwabenland.
But to go to
Neuschwabenland and go
to this Point 211,
the new Berlin base,
with a Geiger counter
and see if they actually
nuked this old German base.
>>NOORY: We've got
some more looks
at what could be a hole
in the Antarctic area.
Let's take a look
at some of these.
Clearly, there's a hole there.
>>OLSEN: That's what
it looks like for sure,
including what might
be that road coming in.
>>NOORY: Now, how big
do you think that is?
What's the diameter
of that hole?
What do you think?
>>OLSEN: Oh, several
miles across.
>>NOORY: That big?
>>OLSEN: Well, look at the
curvature of the Earth on top.
I mean, we're looking
from outer space at it.
>>NOORY: Now, is
that an asteroid hit?
>>OLSEN: That's a good question.
How it was formed, I don't
have any information on that.
>>NOORY: All right, let's
look at the other picture
and compare that
to this one here.
>>OLSEN: Once again,
shooting from outer space
looking down on it.
>>NOORY: Is that the
hole to the right?
>>OLSEN: That's it.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>OLSEN: Yeah.
And when you can compare it
to the curvature of the Earth,
you can see how massive it is.
And there is a satellite
shooting from outer space
and looking down on it.
>>NOORY: I mean, why
aren't these pictures being
shown to the public by NASA?
>>OLSEN: That's a good question.
It's just like how the Space
Station always blocks out
every time there's a presumed
UFO sighting from the Space
Station.
Why do they do that?
They're still trying
to hold information.
>>NOORY: I mean,
that's remarkable.
>>OLSEN: It really is.
>>NOORY: I mean, clearly,
there's a hole there.
>>OLSEN: Right.
>>NOORY: I don't know
how deep it goes.
What do you think?
>>OLSEN: Well, I think
it would go at least
down to the continental
plate level, which
would be over two miles deep.
>>NOORY: Would there be water
down at the bottom of the hole?
>>OLSEN: Well, there are.
There are lakes down there.
There's a whole area
called the Lake District
because there's so many
lakes, freshwater lakes too,
as well as hot
springs percolating up
through the fault lines.
>>NOORY: Aside from
the North Pole,
are there any other areas that
are just as perplexing as what
we've been seeing?
>>OLSEN: I think Antarctica
is even more perplexing
than the North Pole
because, of course,
that's on the Arctic
Ocean, and it's just
ice floating on
water, where this
is a whole continent
that is virtually
unknown and unexplored.
It really is the final
frontier on planet Earth
for exploration.
>>NOORY: Is the climate
down there changing at all?
>>OLSEN: It's
changing very rapidly.
The area we were at was
showing huge sheets of ice
that were melting and just
dropping in elevation,
and we even saw the
calving of glaciers.
George, it's one thing
I'll never forget,
these massive sides
of a wall of glacier
just dropping down
into the water.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>OLSEN: Fortunately, we
were a couple miles away.
>>NOORY: Could you hear it?
>>OLSEN: Well, first you
see it, then you hear it.
>>NOORY: The sound is
a little slower, right?
>>OLSEN: A little
slower, and then you
see the waves starting
to percolate out.
And so we had to
fashion our boat
to go directly into the
wave because when they hit--
>>NOORY: They're like mini
tsunamis, aren't they?
>>OLSEN: --a mini
tsunami is created.
>>NOORY: Well, let's look
at this NASA picture, which
they talk about climate change.
So what are we looking at here?
What is this shape?
Is this the continent?
>>OLSEN: That is the Polar
Plateau in the middle.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>OLSEN: That's the
Transantarctic Mountains that
go up the side, and
that's the Palmer
Peninsula where I visited.
So basically, that finger
on top that's all red
was signs of great
melting, calving ice,
the glaciers are
lowering in elevation.
But the blue areas-- and
this was produced by NASA--
those colors just
represent the areas
that are melting or
increasing in ice,
and that's the blue area.
So somehow Mother Nature
knows to balance itself out,
and that's why Miami Beach
and other sea level cities
have not experienced
huge sea level rises.
>>NOORY: Now, is this the
whole continent, or most of it?
>>OLSEN: Yeah, that just gets
cut off at the bottom there,
but--
>>NOORY: Well, how come we
can't see a hole from here?
>>OLSEN: Well, I have
images in my presentation
where Google Earth
masks off certain areas.
Sometimes very sloppily
they'll just put a white--
>>NOORY: So there could
be holes there but--
>>OLSEN: There could be, but--
>>NOORY: --they're covered up.
>>OLSEN: --they're covered up.
>>NOORY: You've been traveling
around the world searching
for different anomalies.
You've been doing
this all your life.
What would you say about this
area compared to other spots?
>>OLSEN: I've been to
all seven continents now,
George, and I'll
say that Antarctica
is unlike any other
place on Earth.
It's a completely frozen
desolate otherworldly climate
down there.
It's like you're
visiting another planet
in many respects.
The animals have
no fear of humans,
and the ice is just so vast,
covering just about everything
and coming right
down to the water.
It's a place that you'll
never forget if you see it.
>>NOORY: Might there be a hidden
submarine base down there?
>>OLSEN: Well, there could
be multiple submarine bases
down there, and we
wouldn't know it
because not only would
it be under the ice,
it would be under the water.
But we do know from some leaked
documents of the Third Reich
that they had mapped out
the region, including what
were routes that could be
taken by submarines to go
to some very remote locations.
>>NOORY: They say that's the
route Hitler took to escape
to Argentina, assuming he did.
>>OLSEN: Well, that's right.
And Admiral Donitz, who
then assumed the Fuhrer
at the very tail
end of the war, he
was known as saying
in 1943 that they
had built "an impregnable
fortress for our Fuhrer
in a land of ice."
So this is the new Berlin
base in Neuschwabenland.
This is the place that I would
like to go to with a film crew,
maybe yourself.
We can go down there
on an exploration.
>>NOORY: Maybe I can do
remotes for "Coast to Coast"
down that way, huh?
>>OLSEN: Wouldn't that be cool?
>>NOORY: But we'll get our
buddies at "Beyond Belief"
to foot our bill.
>>OLSEN: Let's go.
>>NOORY: Let's get it.
Get your bills going, producers.
Let's do that.
How long would we
have to be down there?
>>OLSEN: Well, you'd want to
go for at least two weeks,
I think, because it's
quite a distance to go,
and the distances are very vast.
>>NOORY: Would we wear a big
parka and stuff like that?
>>OLSEN: We would
have to be outfitted
with very cold weather clothes.
And then to get the permission
to go to the Kohnen base,
I think, would be the
coup d'etat on this--
>>NOORY: Is it windy down there?
>>OLSEN: It can be very,
very windy some days,
but then it could also
be very temperate.
It just depends on the climate.
Of course, seasons
are opposite here.
So now we're coming into
springtime in the Northern
Hemisphere, they're
going into fall.
And the time to go is
around Christmastime
until mid-February.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Do they have earthquakes
down there, Brad?
>>OLSEN: Well, there
are fault lines,
so I would presume that there
could be earthquakes as well.
>>NOORY: You would think
that huge chunks of ice
would fall off.
>>OLSEN: They could, yeah.
We went into this caldera
called Deception Island,
and it's still an
active volcano.
The sand was steaming.
Had the tide not
been coming in, we
could have laid down
in the hot spring
and soaked in some hot water.
>>NOORY: When you go from
the ocean to a beach--
Miami, California--
it's kind of flat.
It kind of just like eases
right into the beach.
In this particular
case, is it flat coming
from the ocean to
the Antarctic Shelf?
Or is it high, and
as you approach it,
it looks like a mile high
or something like that?
>>OLSEN: When we were coming
across the Drake Passage,
the first thing we saw
were the massive icebergs
that were calving off, some as
tall as a 30-story building.
And that's just a
fraction of what's below.
So we had to take turns doing
watch to keep an eye out
for these big icebergs.
When we did see the first
landmass of the South Shetland
Islands, it was quite a relief
to finally see some land,
and they just rise
very dramatically.
The West Antarctic Peninsula
that I got the opportunity
to visit, that's a
much newer landmass.
Antarctica is actually
two landmasses that
are combining in the middle.
The West Antarctic Peninsula,
the Palmer Peninsula,
that's only 700
million years old.
Now that sounds
like a big number.
>>NOORY: That's all, right?
>>OLSEN: That's all.
But compared to the 3 billion
year old East Antarctica plate,
which is much, much older--
>>NOORY: Almost as old as the
planet, for crying out loud.
>>OLSEN: Yeah, so there you
have very soft curvatures
of the land, to
answer your question.
Whereas in West Antarctica,
very dramatic mountains
that just rise straight
up out of the ocean,
with glaciers coming
off either side.
>>NOORY: Besides the reports
of a craft underneath the ice,
have there been any reports
of UFO activity above?
>>OLSEN: Well, there
have been quite a few.
We heard of one at the
Belgrano II Argentinean base
the month before
we got down there.
And the reason I
bring it up, that I
think there's some
credibility in this,
is because the two researchers
that I was speaking to,
they didn't want to tell me.
And the one woman there,
she says, no, no, no, we
can't tell them.
She went away, and
then the other guy,
who I spent about an hour
talking to his research--
he was studying the ice fish
that live under the ice,
a completely unique species
that lives down there--
he finally told me
that they had seen
some craft and orbs over
the Belgrano II Base
the month before.
So I found that
credible because he
was reluctant to talk about it.
>>NOORY: Brad, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
Fascinating journey.
>>OLSEN: Thank you, George.
Always a pleasure
to talk with you.
>>NOORY: You're
always traveling all
over the planet looking
for different anomalies
and everything else.
But for people who want
information, how do
they find you?
What's your website?
>>OLSEN: So if you want
to know more about me
and what I'm doing,
bradolsen.com.
And my publishing website
is cccpublishing.com for all
the books that I publish
and some other authors under
the CCC Publishing--
>>NOORY: But going
through Brad Olsen--
O-L-S?
>>OLSEN: E-N.
>>NOORY: E-N, not an O.
>>OLSEN: I'm a "sen."
>>NOORY: Dotcom, bradolsen.com.
Brad, thanks again for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>OLSEN: Always a pleasure
to speak with you, George.
>>NOORY: Fascinating
to talk to somebody
who's actually been to
Antarctica looking for all
these strange anomalies.
Maybe one day I'll make
a trip down there too.
You never know.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]